#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.txt
#
addict==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
albumentations==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
alembic==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
anyio==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
argcomplete==1.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   voxel51-eta
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
boto3==1.17.97
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
botocore==1.20.97
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jpeg4py
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   databricks-cli
    #   flask
    #   mlflow
    #   typer
cloudpickle==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
cycler==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
databricks-cli==0.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
    #   networkx
deprecated==1.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
dill==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   voxel51-eta
dnspython==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eventlet
docker==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
eventlet==0.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
flask==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   voxel51-eta
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
glob2==0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   voxel51-eta
greenlet==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eventlet
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
h11==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==0.13.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   universal-analytics-python3
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
imagehash==4.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
imageio==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
ipdb==0.13.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
ipython==7.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipdb
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   traitlets
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jedi==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   sphinx
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
jpeg4py==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
loguru==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
mako==1.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
matplotlib-inline==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
mlflow==1.18.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
mongoengine==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
motor==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   typing-inspect
ndjson==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   voxel51-eta
networkx==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   albumentations
    #   imagehash
    #   imageio
    #   jpeg4py
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   opencv-contrib-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   pandera
    #   pyarrow
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
    #   voxel51-eta
opencv-contrib-python==4.5.2.54
    # via -r requirements.txt
opencv-python-headless==4.4.0.46
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   albumentations
    #   voxel51-eta
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
    #   pandera
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   voxel51-eta
pandas==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
    #   pandera
pandera==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
parso==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jedi
patool==1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   voxel51-eta
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pillow==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   imagehash
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
    #   voxel51-eta
plotext==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
plotly==4.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
pprintpp==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
prometheus-flask-exporter==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
prompt-toolkit==3.0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
pyarrow==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandera
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandera
pygments==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   sphinx
pymongo==3.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mongoengine
    #   motor
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pytest==6.2.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   voxel51-eta
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   mlflow
    #   pandas
    #   tzlocal
    #   voxel51-eta
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   imagehash
    #   scikit-image
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   albumentations
    #   mlflow
querystring-parser==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   databricks-cli
    #   docker
    #   mlflow
    #   sphinx
    #   voxel51-eta
retrying==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   plotly
    #   voxel51-eta
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
scikit-image==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   albumentations
    #   voxel51-eta
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
scipy==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   albumentations
    #   imagehash
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cycler
    #   databricks-cli
    #   eventlet
    #   imagehash
    #   plotly
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   querystring-parser
    #   retrying
    #   voxel51-eta
smmap==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   voxel51-eta
sphinx==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   voxel51-eta
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   mlflow
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mlflow
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   databricks-cli
    #   voxel51-eta
terminaltables==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
threadpoolctl==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
tifffile==2021.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
timm==0.4.12
    # via -r requirements.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipdb
    #   pytest
torch==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   timm
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typer==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandera
tzlocal==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   voxel51-eta
universal-analytics-python3==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
voxel51-eta==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   docker
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated
    #   pandera
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
mmcls==0.23.2
mmcv-full==1.6.1
# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
